update usage docs to cover creating from metadata (#54)
SilverLabUCL/PySilverLabNWB: docs/usage.rst

allowing you to input metadata required or recommended by the NWB format,
but that is not available within the Labview data folder.

> ``metadata2nwb`` creates a 'bare bones' NWB file by loading metadata describing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``metadata2nwb`` creates a minimal NWB file by loading metadata describing
```
I would rather the "bare-bones" didn't stick but couldn't come up with a better alternative before.

an experiment from a YAML file. You need to provide it the path to the NWB file
to create, the path to the metadata YAML file and optionally the user. If the

> metadata YAML file contains more than one user, the user must be specified. An

Reviewer: I think it's slightly clearer to phrase this the other way around: You need to give [...] and optionally a user. The user must  be mentioned in the metadata file. If there is only one user in the file, you don't need to specify them when running this.

====================

The main class is ``silverlabnwb.NwbFile`` defined in ``nwb_file.py``.
All its methods are documented with docstrings. There are two entry points,
``import_labview_folder`` and ``create_from_metadata``, which mirror the first
two command line tools described above.

Quick examples::

    from silverlabnwb import NwbFile

    # Write a new file from a LabView folder
    with NwbFile(nwb_path, mode='w') as nwb:
        nwb.import_labview_folder(labview_path)

    # Write a new file from metadata
    with NwbFile(nwb_path, mode='w') as nwb:

>         nwb.create_from_metadata(metadata_path, user, session_id)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        nwb.create_from_metadata(metadata_path, user)
```
In fact, we should remove `session_id` from the method altogether, since it's not used!
